
Job description
The Position Title will be based in Chennai Global Business Services Center.
We are looking for someone who demonstrates
Intense collaboration
Passionate customer focus
Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution
Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement
Relentless drive to win
Here is a glimpse of what you’ll do
The role is response for all business data analysis. Candidate will derive insights, provide recommendations that shape future strategies and guide current tactics by being a key partner to the organization in communicating findings and transforming them into strategies
The role needs also to take the lead or collaborate with IT, Finance, Operations, Engineering, Pricing, Supply Chain and Sales teams for strategic initiatives and drive the team to achieve goals
The role will have the opportunity to pursue exploratory analyses that shape long-term strategies as well as develop data-driven predictive tools for the use by the organization. Candidate will apply extensive data interpretation and analytical experience to drive insights, including training others. In addition, Candidate will need to use interpersonal and relationship skills to present insights to stakeholders and executives in a clear and compelling way
Identify, structure and prioritize the problems
Leverage problem solving skills and frameworks to develop solutions to Materials Demand and Supply business problems
Work closely with development teams to ensure accurate integration of machine learning models into existing systems
Strong background in Python, SQL, and R.
Develop advanced analytic models that relate Inventory and Demand
Collect data and facts from all kinds of sources and conduct the analysis
Synthesize and communicate findings to functional leaders and the management
Gain immediate responsibility for project deliverables
Help train colleagues on advanced techniques and tools
Here Is Some Of What You’ll Need (required)
Bachelor's or master's degree in any discipline; strong academic performance with analytic and quantitative coursework is required: Information Technology, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research etc.; MBA degree is preferable
4+ years of relevant experience in the AA Projects and Overall 8 + Years of Industry Experience ( IT / Supply Chain)
Proficiency in the Microsoft Office Suite & SQL
Here Are a Few Of Our Preferred Experiences
Work experience in Data Analytics, Business Analytics, or System Analytics is required
Experience in BAAN/SAP/Oracle ERP, CRM are preferred, but not required
High self-motivation, high standard of work ethic, maturity and personal initiative; Empathy, adaptability and emotional intelligence
Strong oral and written English and excellent communication skills
Close attention to detail, with a quality-focused mindset
Self-discipline for planning and organizing tasks; demonstrated project-management leadership
Demonstrated problem-solving methodology
Be comfortable working with cross-functional teams and stakeholders, should demonstrate a strong driving force, and possess strong communication and persuasion skills
Understand, agree with and align with the organization’s values and leadership traits
Demonstrated strategic and creative thinking ability with a willingness to share and explore new ideas
A strong sense of responsibility, ownership and pride in delivering quality results and understanding the business impact
Consistent self-learning capabilities and adaptability to changes
Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex pays for all costs associated with the application, interview or offer process, a candidate will not be asked for any payment related to these costs. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accesibility@flextronics.com. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.
The Information We Collect
We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our recruitment privacy notice.
If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact: