Job description
About Data Sciences At Flipkart
The Data Sciences team at Flipkart is on a mission to build systemic intelligence across Flipkart products and the overarching ecosystem. Being India’s largest online
marketplace and the most used e-commerce app in India, places Flipkart in a unique position and gives this team a distinctive opportunity — to decipher the richest
possible data about Indian consumers. Add the dimension of a vast product selection and a proliferating seller base to that and what you get is a multitude of disruptive
possibilities.
In a nutshell, the terabytes of daily data compounded in Flipkart’s data centers offer a dynamic mix of numerical, structured, unstructured, image- and audio-based statistics, all set to define shopping in the future.
What This Job Entails
The pool of data available at Flipkart forms the foundation to solve some present and predictable challenges for shoppers in India. As a Data Scientist you will be working on:
Product discovery along with personalization and intent modeling
Demand shaping and planning
Heterogeneous networks for consumer, product and seller interactions
Customer insights
Catalog enhancement and product insights
Customer emotion detection and right response matching
Fulfillment automation
Optimization of last mile delivery
Fraud modeling
Associations And Collaborations
The Flipkart Data Science team is also leveraging partnerships with Indian and foreign universities — like CMU, IIT's, IISc and IIIT’s — for developing class-leading solutions in the e-commerce sector.
At Flipkart, the work of a Data Scientist involves collaboration with the engineering and product teams to ensure a holistic outcome at the product delivery. The flat functional structure within Flipkart engineering enables data scientists to focus on excellence and create a deep sense of ownership at every stage of work.
Working@Flipkart:
Data Sciences techniques at Flipkart span classification, clustering, matrix factorization,graphical models, networks and graph algorithms, topic modeling, image processing,deep learning and NLP — each one of them being applied across large scale initiatives.
If you aspire to redefine ‘state-of-the-art’ and create an impact on India’s shopping landscape, Flipkart Data Science Organization offers the podium to solve challenging real-world problems and take a giant leap in your career as a Data Scientist.
Qualifications And Experience
B.Tech/M.Tech/PhD in CS/Statistics with demonstrable experience through publications/deployed solutions/projects. Experience of over 8 years.
20.