
22.
Job Requisition:
Sr Data Scientist
Primary Location:
Bangalore
Job Description:
The Data Scientist will work on challenging problems extracting actionable information out of the many data sources available to Neustar, particularly geospatial data. They will assist in developing accurate and precise models of user behavior based on this geospatial data using various analytical tools, including data curation, data visualization, supervised, and unsupervised machine learning. The data sets under analysis are large, and growing larger still, and so the data scientist must be proficient in the design and development of CPU and memory efficient algorithms.
Application areas include Identity Resolution, Marketing Analytics Security and Fraud and other Business Solutions supported by our or our client’s data.
Data Scientists create prototypes of new algorithms and support Engineering teams in productizing these capabilities. Data Scientists work closely with various teams including data acquisition, data products, data sciences and various business units including marketing, security, and internet of things to ensure implementation of capabilities that enable the organization’s vision. The role is based out of India at the Neustar offices in Bangalore.
Responsibilities:
Group Leadership: Mentoring and supporting the career and capability growth of her/his team members. Setting and monitoring project schedules, communicating progress to the larger team. Provide technical leadership and foster a climate of open creative collaboration with his/her team and with other colleagues.
Algorithm Development: Develop a deep understanding of all the data relevant to the problem to be addressed. Establish deterministic and probabilistic linkages between data sources and develop ways to extract and summarize the sought information in the data using a wide variety of statistical, data mining and machine learning techniques.
Prototyping: Create prototypes of productizable ways to perform the analysis at scale, provide documentation and help educate your colleagues in different function about the solution
Support Implementation: Closely work with product, engineering and client teams to incorporate Data Science capabilities into Neustar’s products and services
Experience and Qualifications:
Masters’s degree in Data Science, Statistics or a related field (we will consider applicants with a Bachelor’s degree and relevant work experience as well)
At least three years of experience working on data-intensive analytics solutions & more than 5 years of overall experience.
Solid understanding of data mining and statistics concepts and familiarity with real-world applications of these techniques.
Hands on experience in Machine Learning
Hands on experience in Machine Learning
Experience on Geospatial data is preferred.
Solid knowledge of SQL in its various forms for traditional databases and distributed computing environments
Experience working with commercial and/or open source statistics and data mining packages
Experience working on large distributed datasets using Hive SQL, Spark, Python
Strong written and oral communication skills
Strong inter-personal collaboration skills. Being able to both work in groups or as an individual contributor
General curiosity, a willingness to experiment, pragmatism and the ability to handle ambiguity 

