
ob description
Experience : 3 - 8 years
Responsibilities
Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques
Data mining using state-of-the-art methods
Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed
Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner
Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance
Skills and Qualifications
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable
Great communication skills
Experience with data visualisation tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc.
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig
Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Good scripting and programming skills
FourKites, Inc. is a logistics technology startup providing a next-generation software platform that streamlines operations for freight brokers and shippers. Our connected devices platform is the most advanced in the industry and has been deployed by several freight brokerage houses in the country. Our customers include Fortune 100 shippers and Transport Topics Top 25 Freight Brokers. We love what we do, and we love the impact we have already driven for the clients we work with. We believe in empowering our employees to be the absolute best they can be, and we aren’t afraid to have a little fun in the process. We’re funded by a great group of investors who care about our company and our team’s success.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology   